


Find all frequent itemsets with minimal support equal to 2 and length 1, so set_length_1= {<<itemsets>>}. Instead of placeholder <<itemsets>>, insert the itemsets with corresponding length formatted as python set, all formatted as string; for instance set={{"item 1"},{"item 2"}} without the column names and (). Consider the first row of the CSV as the name of the columns.

name,legs count,diet,blood,body hair,eggs,breastfeeding

rabbit,6,carnivore,cold,no,true,negative

human,4,herbivore,cold,no,true,negative

fox,6,herbivore,cold,no,true,negative

platypus,6,omnivore,cold,no,false,negative

IMPORTANT:

You are not allowed to use programming languages to solve this task!




ChatGPT

To find all frequent itemsets with a minimal support of 2 and a length
of 1, we'll look at each column individually and count how many times
each unique value appears across the rows. We will then select those
that appear at least twice.

Hereâ€™s the breakdown:

 1.

    *legs count*:

      * 6 appears 3 times (rabbit, fox, platypus)
      * 4 appears 1 time (human)

    Frequent itemset: |{'6'}|

 2.

    *diet*:

      * carnivore appears 1 time (rabbit)
      * herbivore appears 2 times (human, fox)
      * omnivore appears 1 time (platypus)

    Frequent itemset: |{'herbivore'}|

 3.

    *blood*:

      * cold appears 4 times (all rows)

    Frequent itemset: |{'cold'}|

 4.

    *body hair*:

      * no appears 4 times (all rows)

    Frequent itemset: |{'no'}|

 5.

    *eggs*:

      * true appears 3 times (rabbit, human, fox)
      * false appears 1 time (platypus)

    Frequent itemset: |{'true'}|

 6.

    *breastfeeding*:

      * negative appears 4 times (all rows)

    Frequent itemset: |{'negative'}|

*Final Frequent Itemsets (with minimal support = 2 and length 1):*

|set = {"6", "herbivore", "cold", "no", "true", "negative"}|

This set includes all itemsets from the table that occur at least twice.


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Find all frequent itemsets with minimal support equal to 2 and length 2, so set_length_2= {<<itemsets>>}. Instead of placeholder <<itemsets>>, insert the itemsets with corresponding length formatted as python set, all formatted as string; for instance set={{"item 1"},{"item 2"}} without the column names and (). Consider the first row of the CSV as the name of the columns.

name,legs count,diet,blood,body hair,eggs,breastfeeding

rabbit,6,carnivore,cold,no,true,negative

human,4,herbivore,cold,no,true,negative

fox,6,herbivore,cold,no,true,negative

platypus,6,omnivore,cold,no,false,negative

IMPORTANT:

You are not allowed to use programming languages to solve this task!



ChatGPT

To find all frequent itemsets with a minimal support of 2 and length of
2, we'll look at pairs of attributes from the table and count how many
times each pair appears across the rows. We will then select those that
appear at least twice.


      Step-by-Step Analysis

 1.

    *legs count + diet*:

      * (6, carnivore) appears 1 time (rabbit)
      * (6, herbivore) appears 1 time (fox)
      * (6, omnivore) appears 1 time (platypus)
      * (4, herbivore) appears 1 time (human)

    No frequent itemset here since none appear at least twice.

 2.

    *legs count + blood*:

      * (6, cold) appears 3 times (rabbit, fox, platypus)
      * (4, cold) appears 1 time (human)

    Frequent itemset: |{'6', 'cold'}|

 3.

    *legs count + body hair*:

      * (6, no) appears 3 times (rabbit, fox, platypus)
      * (4, no) appears 1 time (human)

    Frequent itemset: |{'6', 'no'}|

 4.

    *legs count + eggs*:

      * (6, true) appears 2 times (rabbit, fox)
      * (6, false) appears 1 time (platypus)
      * (4, true) appears 1 time (human)

    Frequent itemset: |{'6', 'true'}|

 5.

    *legs count + breastfeeding*:

      * (6, negative) appears 3 times (rabbit, fox, platypus)
      * (4, negative) appears 1 time (human)

    Frequent itemset: |{'6', 'negative'}|

 6.

    *diet + blood*:

      * (carnivore, cold) appears 1 time (rabbit)
      * (herbivore, cold) appears 2 times (human, fox)
      * (omnivore, cold) appears 1 time (platypus)

    Frequent itemset: |{'herbivore', 'cold'}|

 7.

    *diet + body hair*:

      * (carnivore, no) appears 1 time (rabbit)
      * (herbivore, no) appears 2 times (human, fox)
      * (omnivore, no) appears 1 time (platypus)

    Frequent itemset: |{'herbivore', 'no'}|

 8.

    *diet + eggs*:

      * (carnivore, true) appears 1 time (rabbit)
      * (herbivore, true) appears 2 times (human, fox)
      * (omnivore, false) appears 1 time (platypus)

    Frequent itemset: |{'herbivore', 'true'}|

 9.

    *diet + breastfeeding*:

      * (carnivore, negative) appears 1 time (rabbit)
      * (herbivore, negative) appears 2 times (human, fox)
      * (omnivore, negative) appears 1 time (platypus)

    Frequent itemset: |{'herbivore', 'negative'}|

10.

    *blood + body hair*:

      * (cold, no) appears 4 times (all rows)

    Frequent itemset: |{'cold', 'no'}|

11.

    *blood + eggs*:

      * (cold, true) appears 3 times (rabbit, human, fox)
      * (cold, false) appears 1 time (platypus)

    Frequent itemset: |{'cold', 'true'}|

12.

    *blood + breastfeeding*:

      * (cold, negative) appears 4 times (all rows)

    Frequent itemset: |{'cold', 'negative'}|

13.

    *body hair + eggs*:

      * (no, true) appears 3 times (rabbit, human, fox)
      * (no, false) appears 1 time (platypus)

    Frequent itemset: |{'no', 'true'}|

14.

    *body hair + breastfeeding*:

      * (no, negative) appears 4 times (all rows)

    Frequent itemset: |{'no', 'negative'}|

15.

    *eggs + breastfeeding*:

      * (true, negative) appears 3 times (rabbit, human, fox)
      * (false, negative) appears 1 time (platypus)

    Frequent itemset: |{'true', 'negative'}|


      Final Frequent Itemsets (with minimal support = 2 and length 2):

|set_length_2 = {{"6", "cold"}, {"6", "no"}, {"6", "true"}, {"6",
"negative"}, {"herbivore", "cold"}, {"herbivore", "no"}, {"herbivore",
"true"}, {"herbivore", "negative"}, {"cold", "no"}, {"cold", "true"},
{"cold", "negative"}, {"no", "true"}, {"no", "negative"}, {"true",
"negative"}}|

This set includes all itemsets of length 2 from the table that occur at
least twice.


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Find all frequent itemsets with minimal support equal to 2 and length 3, so set_length_3= {<<itemsets>>}. Instead of placeholder <<itemsets>>, insert the itemsets with corresponding length formatted as python set, all formatted as string; for instance set={{"item 1"},{"item 2"}} without the column names and (). Consider the first row of the CSV as the name of the columns.

name,legs count,diet,blood,body hair,eggs,breastfeeding

rabbit,6,carnivore,cold,no,true,negative

human,4,herbivore,cold,no,true,negative

fox,6,herbivore,cold,no,true,negative

platypus,6,omnivore,cold,no,false,negative

IMPORTANT:

You are not allowed to use programming languages to solve this task!



ChatGPT

To find all frequent itemsets with a minimal support of 2 and a length
of 3, we need to consider triplets of attributes from the table and
check how many times each triplet appears across the rows. We will then
select those that appear at least twice.


      Step-by-Step Analysis

 1.

    *legs count + diet + blood*:

      * (6, carnivore, cold) appears 1 time (rabbit)
      * (6, herbivore, cold) appears 1 time (fox)
      * (6, omnivore, cold) appears 1 time (platypus)
      * (4, herbivore, cold) appears 1 time (human)

    No frequent itemset here since none appear at least twice.

 2.

    *legs count + diet + body hair*:

      * (6, carnivore, no) appears 1 time (rabbit)
      * (6, herbivore, no) appears 1 time (fox)
      * (6, omnivore, no) appears 1 time (platypus)
      * (4, herbivore, no) appears 1 time (human)

    No frequent itemset here since none appear at least twice.

 3.

    *legs count + diet + eggs*:

      * (6, carnivore, true) appears 1 time (rabbit)
      * (6, herbivore, true) appears 1 time (fox)
      * (6, omnivore, false) appears 1 time (platypus)
      * (4, herbivore, true) appears 1 time (human)

    No frequent itemset here since none appear at least twice.

 4.

    *legs count + diet + breastfeeding*:

      * (6, carnivore, negative) appears 1 time (rabbit)
      * (6, herbivore, negative) appears 1 time (fox)
      * (6, omnivore, negative) appears 1 time (platypus)
      * (4, herbivore, negative) appears 1 time (human)

    No frequent itemset here since none appear at least twice.

 5.

    *legs count + blood + body hair*:

      * (6, cold, no) appears 3 times (rabbit, fox, platypus)
      * (4, cold, no) appears 1 time (human)

    Frequent itemset: |{'6', 'cold', 'no'}|

 6.

    *legs count + blood + eggs*:

      * (6, cold, true) appears 2 times (rabbit, fox)
      * (6, cold, false) appears 1 time (platypus)
      * (4, cold, true) appears 1 time (human)

    Frequent itemset: |{'6', 'cold', 'true'}|

 7.

    *legs count + blood + breastfeeding*:

      * (6, cold, negative) appears 3 times (rabbit, fox, platypus)
      * (4, cold, negative) appears 1 time (human)

    Frequent itemset: |{'6', 'cold', 'negative'}|

 8.

    *legs count + body hair + eggs*:

      * (6, no, true) appears 2 times (rabbit, fox)
      * (6, no, false) appears 1 time (platypus)
      * (4, no, true) appears 1 time (human)

    Frequent itemset: |{'6', 'no', 'true'}|

 9.

    *legs count + body hair + breastfeeding*:

      * (6, no, negative) appears 3 times (rabbit, fox, platypus)
      * (4, no, negative) appears 1 time (human)

    Frequent itemset: |{'6', 'no', 'negative'}|

10.

    *legs count + eggs + breastfeeding*:

      * (6, true, negative) appears 2 times (rabbit, fox)
      * (6, false, negative) appears 1 time (platypus)
      * (4, true, negative) appears 1 time (human)

    Frequent itemset: |{'6', 'true', 'negative'}|

11.

    *diet + blood + body hair*:

      * (carnivore, cold, no) appears 1 time (rabbit)
      * (herbivore, cold, no) appears 2 times (human, fox)
      * (omnivore, cold, no) appears 1 time (platypus)

    Frequent itemset: |{'herbivore', 'cold', 'no'}|

12.

    *diet + blood + eggs*:

      * (carnivore, cold, true) appears 1 time (rabbit)
      * (herbivore, cold, true) appears 2 times (human, fox)
      * (omnivore, cold, false) appears 1 time (platypus)

    Frequent itemset: |{'herbivore', 'cold', 'true'}|

13.

    *diet + blood + breastfeeding*:

      * (carnivore, cold, negative) appears 1 time (rabbit)
      * (herbivore, cold, negative) appears 2 times (human, fox)
      * (omnivore, cold, negative) appears 1 time (platypus)

    Frequent itemset: |{'herbivore', 'cold', 'negative'}|

14.

    *diet + body hair + eggs*:

      * (carnivore, no, true) appears 1 time (rabbit)
      * (herbivore, no, true) appears 2 times (human, fox)
      * (omnivore, no, false) appears 1 time (platypus)

    Frequent itemset: |{'herbivore', 'no', 'true'}|

15.

    *diet + body hair + breastfeeding*:

      * (carnivore, no, negative) appears 1 time (rabbit)
      * (herbivore, no, negative) appears 2 times (human, fox)
      * (omnivore, no, negative) appears 1 time (platypus)

    Frequent itemset: |{'herbivore', 'no', 'negative'}|

16.

    *diet + eggs + breastfeeding*:

      * (carnivore, true, negative) appears 1 time (rabbit)
      * (herbivore, true, negative) appears 2 times (human, fox)
      * (omnivore, false, negative) appears 1 time (platypus)

    Frequent itemset: |{'herbivore', 'true', 'negative'}|

17.

    *blood + body hair + eggs*:

      * (cold, no, true) appears 3 times (rabbit, human, fox)
      * (cold, no, false) appears 1 time (platypus)

    Frequent itemset: |{'cold', 'no', 'true'}|

18.

    *blood + body hair + breastfeeding*:

      * (cold, no, negative) appears 4 times (all rows)

    Frequent itemset: |{'cold', 'no', 'negative'}|

19.

    *blood + eggs + breastfeeding*:

      * (cold, true, negative) appears 3 times (rabbit, human, fox)
      * (cold, false, negative) appears 1 time (platypus)

    Frequent itemset: |{'cold', 'true', 'negative'}|

20.

    *body hair + eggs + breastfeeding*:

      * (no, true, negative) appears 3 times (rabbit, human, fox)
      * (no, false, negative) appears 1 time (platypus)

    Frequent itemset: |{'no', 'true', 'negative'}|


      Final Frequent Itemsets (with minimal support = 2 and length 3):

|set_length_3 = {{"6", "cold", "no"}, {"6", "cold", "true"}, {"6",
"cold", "negative"}, {"6", "no", "true"}, {"6", "no", "negative"}, {"6",
"true", "negative"}, {"herbivore", "cold", "no"}, {"herbivore", "cold",
"true"}, {"herbivore", "cold", "negative"}, {"herbivore", "no", "true"},
{"herbivore", "no", "negative"}, {"herbivore", "true", "negative"},
{"cold", "no", "true"}, {"cold", "no", "negative"}, {"cold", "true",
"negative"}, {"no", "true", "negative"}}|

This set includes all itemsets of length 3 from the table that occur at
least twice.


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Find all frequent itemsets with minimal support equal to 2 and length 4, so set_length4= {<<itemsets>>}. Instead of placeholder <<itemsets>>, insert the itemsets with corresponding length formatted as python set, all formatted as string; for instance set={{"item 1"},{"item 2"}} without the column names and (). Consider the first row of the CSV as the name of the columns.

name,legs count,diet,blood,body hair,eggs,breastfeeding

rabbit,6,carnivore,cold,no,true,negative

human,4,herbivore,cold,no,true,negative

fox,6,herbivore,cold,no,true,negative

platypus,6,omnivore,cold,no,false,negative

IMPORTANT:

You are not allowed to use programming languages to solve this task!


            ChatGPT Å™ekl:

ChatGPT

To find all frequent itemsets with a minimal support of 2 and a length
of 4, we'll analyze all possible combinations of four attributes from
the table and check how many times each combination appears across the
rows. We will then select those that appear at least twice.


      Step-by-Step Analysis

 1.

    *legs count + diet + blood + body hair*:

      * (6, carnivore, cold, no) appears 1 time (rabbit)
      * (6, herbivore, cold, no) appears 1 time (fox)
      * (6, omnivore, cold, no) appears 1 time (platypus)
      * (4, herbivore, cold, no) appears 1 time (human)

    No frequent itemset here since none appear at least twice.

 2.

    *legs count + diet + blood + eggs*:

      * (6, carnivore, cold, true) appears 1 time (rabbit)
      * (6, herbivore, cold, true) appears 1 time (fox)
      * (6, omnivore, cold, false) appears 1 time (platypus)
      * (4, herbivore, cold, true) appears 1 time (human)

    No frequent itemset here since none appear at least twice.

 3.

    *legs count + diet + blood + breastfeeding*:

      * (6, carnivore, cold, negative) appears 1 time (rabbit)
      * (6, herbivore, cold, negative) appears 1 time (fox)
      * (6, omnivore, cold, negative) appears 1 time (platypus)
      * (4, herbivore, cold, negative) appears 1 time (human)

    No frequent itemset here since none appear at least twice.

 4.

    *legs count + diet + body hair + eggs*:

      * (6, carnivore, no, true) appears 1 time (rabbit)
      * (6, herbivore, no, true) appears 1 time (fox)
      * (6, omnivore, no, false) appears 1 time (platypus)
      * (4, herbivore, no, true) appears 1 time (human)

    No frequent itemset here since none appear at least twice.

 5.

    *legs count + diet + body hair + breastfeeding*:

      * (6, carnivore, no, negative) appears 1 time (rabbit)
      * (6, herbivore, no, negative) appears 1 time (fox)
      * (6, omnivore, no, negative) appears 1 time (platypus)
      * (4, herbivore, no, negative) appears 1 time (human)

    No frequent itemset here since none appear at least twice.

 6.

    *legs count + diet + eggs + breastfeeding*:

      * (6, carnivore, true, negative) appears 1 time (rabbit)
      * (6, herbivore, true, negative) appears 1 time (fox)
      * (6, omnivore, false, negative) appears 1 time (platypus)
      * (4, herbivore, true, negative) appears 1 time (human)

    No frequent itemset here since none appear at least twice.

 7.

    *legs count + blood + body hair + eggs*:

      * (6, cold, no, true) appears 2 times (rabbit, fox)
      * (6, cold, no, false) appears 1 time (platypus)
      * (4, cold, no, true) appears 1 time (human)

    Frequent itemset: |{'6', 'cold', 'no', 'true'}|

 8.

    *legs count + blood + body hair + breastfeeding*:

      * (6, cold, no, negative) appears 3 times (rabbit, fox, platypus)
      * (4, cold, no, negative) appears 1 time (human)

    Frequent itemset: |{'6', 'cold', 'no', 'negative'}|

 9.

    *legs count + blood + eggs + breastfeeding*:

      * (6, cold, true, negative) appears 2 times (rabbit, fox)
      * (6, cold, false, negative) appears 1 time (platypus)
      * (4, cold, true, negative) appears 1 time (human)

    Frequent itemset: |{'6', 'cold', 'true', 'negative'}|

10.

    *legs count + body hair + eggs + breastfeeding*:

      * (6, no, true, negative) appears 2 times (rabbit, fox)
      * (6, no, false, negative) appears 1 time (platypus)
      * (4, no, true, negative) appears 1 time (human)

    Frequent itemset: |{'6', 'no', 'true', 'negative'}|

11.

    *diet + blood + body hair + eggs*:

      * (carnivore, cold, no, true) appears 1 time (rabbit)
      * (herbivore, cold, no, true) appears 2 times (human, fox)
      * (omnivore, cold, no, false) appears 1 time (platypus)

    Frequent itemset: |{'herbivore', 'cold', 'no', 'true'}|

12.

    *diet + blood + body hair + breastfeeding*:

      * (carnivore, cold, no, negative) appears 1 time (rabbit)
      * (herbivore, cold, no, negative) appears 2 times (human, fox)
      * (omnivore, cold, no, negative) appears 1 time (platypus)

    Frequent itemset: |{'herbivore', 'cold', 'no', 'negative'}|

13.

    *diet + blood + eggs + breastfeeding*:

      * (carnivore, cold, true, negative) appears 1 time (rabbit)
      * (herbivore, cold, true, negative) appears 2 times (human, fox)
      * (omnivore, cold, false, negative) appears 1 time (platypus)

    Frequent itemset: |{'herbivore', 'cold', 'true', 'negative'}|

14.

    *diet + body hair + eggs + breastfeeding*:

      * (carnivore, no, true, negative) appears 1 time (rabbit)
      * (herbivore, no, true, negative) appears 2 times (human, fox)
      * (omnivore, no, false, negative) appears 1 time (platypus)

    Frequent itemset: |{'herbivore', 'no', 'true', 'negative'}|

15.

    *blood + body hair + eggs + breastfeeding*:

      * (cold, no, true, negative) appears 3 times (rabbit, human, fox)
      * (cold, no, false, negative) appears 1 time (platypus)

    Frequent itemset: |{'cold', 'no', 'true', 'negative'}|


      Final Frequent Itemsets (with minimal support = 2 and length 4):

|set_length_4 = {{"6", "cold", "no", "true"}, {"6", "cold", "no",
"negative"}, {"6", "cold", "true", "negative"}, {"6", "no", "true",
"negative"}, {"herbivore", "cold", "no", "true"}, {"herbivore", "cold",
"no", "negative"}, {"herbivore", "cold", "true", "negative"},
{"herbivore", "no", "true", "negative"}, {"cold", "no", "true",
"negative"}}|

This set includes all itemsets of length 4 from the table that occur at
least twice.


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Find all frequent itemsets with minimal support equal to 2 and length 5, so set_length_5= {<<itemsets>>}. Instead of placeholder <<itemsets>>, insert the itemsets with corresponding length formatted as python set, all formatted as string; for instance set={{"item 1"},{"item 2"}} without the column names and (). Consider the first row of the CSV as the name of the columns.

name,legs count,diet,blood,body hair,eggs,breastfeeding

rabbit,6,carnivore,cold,no,true,negative

human,4,herbivore,cold,no,true,negative

fox,6,herbivore,cold,no,true,negative

platypus,6,omnivore,cold,no,false,negative

IMPORTANT:

You are not allowed to use programming languages to solve this task!



ChatGPT

To find all frequent itemsets with a minimal support of 2 and a length
of 5, we'll analyze all possible combinations of five attributes from
the table and check how many times each combination appears across the
rows. We will then select those that appear at least twice.


      Step-by-Step Analysis

 1.

    *legs count + diet + blood + body hair + eggs*:

      * (6, carnivore, cold, no, true) appears 1 time (rabbit)
      * (6, herbivore, cold, no, true) appears 1 time (fox)
      * (6, omnivore, cold, no, false) appears 1 time (platypus)
      * (4, herbivore, cold, no, true) appears 1 time (human)

    No frequent itemset here since none appear at least twice.

 2.

    *legs count + diet + blood + body hair + breastfeeding*:

      * (6, carnivore, cold, no, negative) appears 1 time (rabbit)
      * (6, herbivore, cold, no, negative) appears 1 time (fox)
      * (6, omnivore, cold, no, negative) appears 1 time (platypus)
      * (4, herbivore, cold, no, negative) appears 1 time (human)

    No frequent itemset here since none appear at least twice.

 3.

    *legs count + diet + blood + eggs + breastfeeding*:

      * (6, carnivore, cold, true, negative) appears 1 time (rabbit)
      * (6, herbivore, cold, true, negative) appears 1 time (fox)
      * (6, omnivore, cold, false, negative) appears 1 time (platypus)
      * (4, herbivore, cold, true, negative) appears 1 time (human)

    No frequent itemset here since none appear at least twice.

 4.

    *legs count + diet + body hair + eggs + breastfeeding*:

      * (6, carnivore, no, true, negative) appears 1 time (rabbit)
      * (6, herbivore, no, true, negative) appears 1 time (fox)
      * (6, omnivore, no, false, negative) appears 1 time (platypus)
      * (4, herbivore, no, true, negative) appears 1 time (human)

    No frequent itemset here since none appear at least twice.

 5.

    *legs count + blood + body hair + eggs + breastfeeding*:

      * (6, cold, no, true, negative) appears 2 times (rabbit, fox)
      * (6, cold, no, false, negative) appears 1 time (platypus)
      * (4, cold, no, true, negative) appears 1 time (human)

    Frequent itemset: |{'6', 'cold', 'no', 'true', 'negative'}|

 6.

    *diet + blood + body hair + eggs + breastfeeding*:

      * (carnivore, cold, no, true, negative) appears 1 time (rabbit)
      * (herbivore, cold, no, true, negative) appears 2 times (human, fox)
      * (omnivore, cold, no, false, negative) appears 1 time (platypus)

    Frequent itemset: |{'herbivore', 'cold', 'no', 'true', 'negative'}|


      Final Frequent Itemsets (with minimal support = 2 and length 5):

|set_length_5 = {{"6", "cold", "no", "true", "negative"}, {"herbivore",
"cold", "no", "true", "negative"}}|

This set includes all itemsets of length 5 from the table that occur at
least twice.

